♪ melancholy music ♪
This one'll be
sans preacher.
You care to say something?
I have plenty to say.
but I won't be saying it today.
Which one's Paul?
Goddamn you
for taking him from us.
- Thank you for today.
-  Mm.
Means more than you know.
Someone had to do it for me.
I know what it means.
So. is this goodbye?
- I think it's best.
- Oh. wow.
It's time to go home. isn't it?
It's been time. honey.
- It's okay. it's okay.
-  I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
You know what this is?
- Wha... What?
- This is how much you love him.
And your body just doesn't know
where to put all that love now.
You will have as much life
to live as you allow yourself.
My husband died.
The love of my life
is gone.
I would
like some help with that.
♪ slow. haunting music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ music swells ♪
You look at this...
...and you see order.
You know what I see?
A giant...
accident.
A fucking...
A glitch in the laws of physics.
There is no order.
no rules.
A-And don't talk to me
about God.
Do not give Him credit.
'Cause if His goal was to create
something in His likeness
and then run her over
in a fucking crosswalk.
So don't you fucking
lecture me about God.
I'm not...
lecturing you
about anything. Paul.
I hope you never
have to feel it.
If I could just...
...claw it out of my chest.
I'd do it.
And believe me. I've tried.
I have no doubt.
Hey.
I'm doing this
against my better judgment.
God. I just...
I just fucking miss her. man.
I know.
I just miss her.
Don't think this means
we're sleeping in.
Sunrise at 7:00.
Fish don't care
about my problems.
And I don't care about theirs.
I'll see you in the morning.
♪ somber music ♪
I don't know what sisters do.
Maybe they hug and cry
and purge their pain together.
Not brothers.
Our job is
to stay out of the way.
Let him scream and hate
and keep your mouth shut.
Let him get it out
and carry him home
if he needs it.
Or better yet.
let him find his own way.
Best thing a brother can do.
and the hardest.
is shut up and listen.
And that's what I did.
You can take those
to the living room.
Don't block the fireplace.
If you can put that at an angle.
uh. in the corner.
Honey.
What are you doing?
I thought you had therapy.
He banished me
to the end of the day.
Something about needing alcohol
to work with me.
Isn't he the best?
Oh. the kitchen's that way.
-  Where that way?
-  Trust me.
you won't miss it.
So we're really doing this. huh?
His friends deserve a chance
to celebrate him.
Celebrating--
that's what we're doing?
To remember him. to say goodbye.
So when does
the celebration start?
- 7:00.
- When does it end?
8:30. 9:00.
♪ pensive music ♪
- See you at 9:00.
- Honey.
we can't have
a memorial service without you.
It's your house.
I'll have
a chai tea latte. please.
Oat. almond or soy milk?
Uh. how about
the old-fashioned kind.
straight from the udder.
The udder?
Cow's milk.
Whole milk. two percent.
or fat-free?
Whole milk.
How you doing. Mrs. Clyburn?
I'm-I'm fine. Hailey.
How's school?
It's your last year.
It was.
Till I went to a job fair
and found out
I actually can't get one
with a degree in philosophy.
So. gonna hold
your husband's coffee hostage
for some advice
next time he comes in.
Um...
Well. getting between a man
and his coffee is...
...a very dangerous game.
I'll take my chances.
Keep the change.
This is too much.
Thank you.
♪ low. somber music ♪
Paige. Ellen is asking for you.
Okay.
I know
exactly how you're feeling.
You lost your father?
Oh. God. no.
No. I would be a wreck.
Oh. no.
My father. he lives
in Nantucket with my mom.
Yeah. they run triathlons.
so they're gonna live forever.
As a matter of fact.
they just completed
the Ironcat in L'Ampolla. Spain.
Do you know where that is?
Uh. south of Tarragona?
Yeah.
Oh. You're a little traveler.
Yeah. I don't really understand
the appeal. to be honest.
I mean. the ocean swim.
I am mortified of sharks.
For me. the ocean is best
admired from a chaise lounge.
In my opinion.
I have a healthy respect
for sharks as well.
Diabolical animals. aren't they?
Would not make good pets.
No.
Oh. wow. you're just a
blonde ball of wit. aren't you?
- Thank you.
- Yeah. you're welcome.
I want you to know. Paige...
...we care about you here.
Okay? And if you feel like
you need more time to grieve.
you just tell us
and we will give it to you.
As soon as Fashion Week is over.
Of course.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Oh. and the Yankees--
they just got into the ALCS.
so there's gonna be
a rush on suites.
If you can just start
figuring out
where we're gonna squeeze
people...
On it.
Thank you.
Yeah. can you shut
the office door. please?
Sorry.
How'd he die?
Plane crash.
What kind of plane?
- Don't know.
- Not commercial?
Oh. God. no.
And I hear his brother
was the pilot.
God.
- That's awful.
- Oh. wah.
Another privileged
white millionaire
crashes his private jet.
Good riddance.
And how selfish.
Do you have any idea
what the carbon footprint
of a private plane is?
It's. like...
the worst thing on the planet
for this environment.
He deserved to crash.
Sorry.
Truth hurts.
You know what hurts?
Espresso martini's
screaming my name. but I have
to pick up the girls in an hour.
You have a driver.
Good point.
But I'm not drinking alone.
Two. please.
- Why not?
- Three espresso martinis.
Godspeed.
'cause we have children waiting.
How are the girls taking it?
They know he's gone.
I'm not sure they understand
what that means fully.
I'm not sure I do either.
You need to find
some time for yourself. Abby.
And Dallas has to step up
with these girls
and give you a break.
Well. Dallas is a little bent
out of shape at the moment.
Bridgett told him about this...
guy that I met there.
and he-- What is
the genetic flaw for a man
who gets more jealous
after you've left them?
Wait. Stop.
Back up.
What guy?
Um...
Who...
the fuck is that?
Sweet Jesus.
Okay. so here's a question.
Why are you
not naked and chaining yourself
to his stove right now?
I would be so barefoot
and so fucking pregnant.
Did you two...?
Oh. my God.
Everything. every detail.
all of it. spill. now.
I have not been
with anyone since Dallas.
and that was two years ago.
No. three.
It was...
I bet it was.
Details.
He's a sheriff's deputy
and a river guide.
And he ropes steer from horses.
which is an actual form
of occupation there.
And he has two boys
about the same age as the girls.
Those aren't the details I want.
Those are the details
you're getting.
Divorced?
His wife. uh.
died in an accident.
And he's... soulful and kind
and understanding.
And in Montana.
So it doesn't matter what he is.
How'd you leave it?
Look. I am not moving
to the mountains.
and he is damn sure
not moving here.
so that is how we left it.
Well. at least
you're back in the game.
I have a long list
of potential suitors.
It's basically
all my hall pass fantasies.
so I'll just live vicariously
through you.
No. thank you.
We have
different fantasies. Chelsea.
Oh. Yeah. I mean. who wants
a 40-year-old multimillionaire
with perfect hair. a six-pack.
and a house in South Beach?
So gross.
Yeah. who's
probably on his third marriage
for good reason
or a perpetual bachelor
who will continue to be
a bachelor
even after he's married.
All the good ones are taken.
Or in Montana. apparently.
Let's not talk about me anymore.
All right. well.
then what do we talk about?
You're. like.
the only interesting thing
happening in my life.
You should really examine that.
Chelsea.
What does that mean?
Are you okay?
I think I'm going to jail.
What?
Jail. They're taking me to jail.
Did you say "jail"?
- Jail!
- Jail?
Yes. jail. I need a lawyer.
You are in jail? Right now?
- No. I'm outside my office.
- Okay.
well. I'm-I'm three blocks away.
Uh. I got to go.
- What happened?
- I-I don't know.
I'll call you.
♪ low. tense music ♪
♪ Say to me
what you hate to say ♪
♪ Before you push me away ♪
- ♪ Before you push me away ♪
- Attagirl.
Whoo!
♪ Say to me
what you hate to say ♪
♪ Before you ♪
♪ Push me away ♪
♪ Before you push me... ♪
Fuck. yeah. babe.
Like that?
- Yeah. baby.
- Yeah.
Whoo!
Yeah. Hi.
♪ Bottom again ♪
♪ So say to me what you... ♪
Put your seat belt on.
♪ To say. before
you push me away ♪
♪ Before you push me away ♪
♪ Oh. say to me what... ♪
Dispatch.
this is alpha-two-niner.
Plate check. California.
Alpha. Delta. Victor.
Echo. November. Tango.
Uniform. Romeo. Three.
Are you serious?
Can't make this stuff up. Janie.
Vehicle registered
to Chad Michaels.
Date of birth. 8-23-90.
Santa Barbara. California.
No outstanding. no priors.
10-4. Dispatch.
I'd ask how you're doing.
but I got a pretty good idea.
License and proof
of insurance. please.
Yeah. Sorry about that. Officer.
Got a little carried away.
Yeah. I saw.
She has that effect.
Well. having sex ain't a crime.
It's a dumb way to die. but...
there's worse ways.
Can't say the same
for the family of four
in oncoming traffic.
You are two exits
from the national forest
and an empty campground.
Do you think you can contain
yourselves till you get there?
I'll find the strength.
Ma'am?
Want to meet us there?
Sorry.
I'm sor-- Are-are we good?
My man.
You're nuts.
Let's go.
♪ low. somber music ♪
Hey.
Hi.
Am I interrupting?
Not interrupting.
Um. I have a problem.
Seems that Paige
has punched somebody.
and I am with the police.
That's typically
how punching somebody works out.
Is there any way you could talk
to one of the officers
and see if there's
- some way we can sort this out?
- There is
a way to work it out.
and it's called a courtroom.
- She needs a lawyer. Abby.
- Okay.
Well. could you just...
talk to him?
Help me understand
what kind of trouble she's in.
Officer?
Can you speak to my friend?
He's a police officer.
Of course.
What precinct?
I'm a little west of you.
Uh. Madison County Sheriff.
Montana.
She wants me to explain
what's happening.
Uh. it's
pretty self-explanatory.
Perp hit the vic
with a pretty nice right hook.
No provocation?
Nah. I didn't say that.
but no legal justification.
Can't go around assaulting
people for being assholes.
An oversight
of our legal system.
I couldn't agree more.
I don't write 'em.
I just enforce 'em.
Can you cite and release?
Vic wants to press.
I got to take her down
and process her.
but they'll probably release her
after that.
Then you never know--
D.A. might want to make
an example out of this one.
I mean. they treat college
degrees like priors around here.
Got it.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- You're welcome.
Well?
She needs a lawyer
and she needs one right now.
Well. thank you
for talking to him.
Anytime.
And thanks for answering.
I'll do that anytime. too.
Uh...
you doing okay?
Uh. yeah. I'm...
No. stop. Stop being nice.
I'm still mad at you.
She called you. too?
I mean. she called
everyone in her phone.
She needs a lawyer. Mom.
Oh. no. I handled that part.
I guess
I'll handle this part. too.
Ma'am.
- I can't have you speaking--
- I'm her mother.
- Ma'am. I can't--
- I'm gonna say it again.
because
apparently it didn't sink in.
I'm her mother.
Could anyone stop your mother
from talking to you
in a similar situation?
- No one on this planet.
- Okay.
Thank you.
She told me Dad deserved it.
That bitch looked me in the eye
and said he deserved it.
When did my daughters
turn into pugilists?
- What does that mean?
- Pugilist.
A fighter.
So now we punch people
when they offend us?
This is New York. Paige.
Arm's gonna get pretty tired
if that's the new plan.
I imagine you don't want
to spend the next four hours
doing paperwork
for this nonsense.
There are better uses
of my time. ma'am. for sure.
Let me guess.
That'd be her.
I'm just wondering
what hurts worse.
your eye or the fact
that you deserved it.
- I what?
- Someday.
you'll lose a parent.
- It's inevitable.
- Been there.
done that.
My father died of cancer.
So...
you knew how she felt all along.
That must have been tough.
watching your father battle that
and lose.
I'm sorry you had to see that.
But...
...you got to say goodbye.
Yeah.
Got to tell him you loved him.
Paige didn't get that.
Just woke up one morning
and he was gone.
You want to send
my daughter to jail?
Fine. Think it's gonna
make you feel better?
It's not.
In fact. it's gonna make you
feel a whole lot worse
because you know.
You know how it feels and you
chose to make her feel worse.
I bet he's real proud right now.
isn't he?
So. what happens now?
What?
Where will you take her?
We process her down here
at the precinct.
and depending
on what the D.A. wants to do--
I'm not gonna press charges.
But...
she owes me an apology.
You think?
Look at my face.
Her bruise is bigger.
You just can't see it.
I'm just gonna cite her
with disturbing the peace.
I'll take it.
I got fired.
Oh. You think?
- Fired.
- Well. Paige.
when you punch coworkers.
that tends to happen.
What am I gonna do now?
I recommend Xanax.
Every day. first thing.
for the rest of your life.
You got her? I'm...
I'm on my way to therapy.
Here I was wondering
what I was gonna discuss today.
Yeah. I got her.
Thank you. Mom. I love you.
Love you.
- See you at the memorial.
- Oh.
Right. God. I managed to forget
about the memorial.
Yes.
See you...
at the memorial.
Won't that be a hoot.
I assume you want one?
A double.
- Whiskey okay?
- This day
has more
of a tequila feel to it.
I got 1942.
That's fitting.
It's likely the last year
your sweater was in style.
I purchase
all my clothes at vintage stores
in an attempt to minimize my
carbon footprint on this planet.
Fashion trends are
the last thing on my mind.
Let me ask you something.
And no judgment--
I'm just curious.
What's the body count
you've racked up on this sofa?
Insulting me feels good.
It is shocking.
the catharsis it offers.
I... I could do it for hours.
Well. then what
will truly shock you
is to know that the body count
on that sofa
is zero.
Hmm.
Bend 'em over the desk. do you?
I don't have sex
with my patients.
Oh. You're a doctor now.
Hmm. I am not your patient.
I am your client.
Actually. I am a doctor.
I have a PhD in
social psychology from Harvard.
I am stunned you got through
our first session
without mentioning that to me.
And a little surprised
you haven't crocheted it
into your sweater.
Not that that pattern
could get busier.
Do you know
why it feels good to insult me?
- Hmm?
- Because you are breaking free
of the constraints
of your social circle
and your perceived role
in that circle.
It's you
subconsciously testing a life
free of those constraints.
because...
...that world seems
insignificant to you
at the moment.
And with good reason.
Hmm.
Must be going around.
My daughter knocked
the lights out of her coworker
for insulting her father.
When you say
"knocked the lights..."
She hit her.
Slapped her coworker?
Not a slap.
That type of behavior typical
from your daughter?
I'm not gonna lie--
Paige is wound pretty tight.
But. no.
this is her first assault.
I do group sessions.
Oh. no.
I want you and your cheekbones
nowhere near my daughters.
We have lost our center
as a family.
And I have to be honest
that. uh.
we have lived a fairly blessed
life to this point. so...
...the contrast...
Mine is not a family
designed to withstand tragedy.
In fact.
it's quite the opposite.
Memorial service
is this evening.
- How do you feel about that?
- Uh...
I don't know.
Uh. it-it wasn't my idea.
So...
How do you feel about it?
How do I feel?
Uh...
A bunch of coworkers
will stand in my living room
and try to convince me
how close they were with him
and how much
they're gonna miss him.
and I won't have a fucking clue
who any of those people are.
And then they'll say. "Oh. if
you need anything. just call."
Not that I have their number.
And...
they won't offer it.
Yeah. but how do you feel
about it?
How do you think I feel?
I don't know.
- That's why I asked.
- Oh.
Big brain doctor from Harvard
doesn't know something.
You need to tell me.
- You need it?
- No.
You need it.
Fuck you.
How do you feel. Stacy?
Fuck you!
You said that already.
Okay. well. I'll say it again.
Fuck you!
How does it make you feel.
Stacy?
I'm terrified.
It's almost over
and everyone is saying goodbye.
and then on with their lives.
Everyone but me.
And I can never say goodbye
because he's...
stuck in there. and...
We used to joke
about it. We would joke.
We would joke about...
...wheelchair races
in the nursing home and...
I...
I just thought. when it was
our time. we would...
...I don't know.
curl up beside each other
and close our eyes and...
...that would be it.
And now he's gone.
And he's gone... yeah.
he's gone. Yeah. he's gone.
And you're here.
And you're healthy.
And you have a life
still to live.
and that was not the plan.
No.
It was opposite the plan.
And you're scared.
Yeah. very.
Yeah. And lonely.
Already. It's only been
a week. and...
I feel so fucking alone.
I've never felt so alone.
I shouldn't be doing this.
It's incredibly inappropriate.
but so was the double shot
of tequila.
And it's what you need.
You need to know
you're not alone.
How many women
have you bagged with that line?
I mean. you are
such a terrible therapist.
I know.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
I-I just miss him.
I just. I just miss him
so fucking much!
From everything I've heard.
you should.
What? What.
do you do CrossFit? Is...
Well. I-I lead
a calisthenics class.
- Of course you do.
- Yeah.
Would you come to the memorial?
Yeah. if you want me to.
Feel free to bring a date.
or you can hit on
all the women there.
which is probably
what you'll do anyway.
♪ atmospheric music ♪
You girls look beautiful.
- Hi. Jeff.
- Evening. Paige.
-  How you doing. Abby?
- Just peachy. Russell.
- Good day?
- Better than your wife's.
But that's not saying much.
Wait. why?
What was wrong
with your day. Paige?
Nothing.
-  Shut up.
- You know what they say. Paige?
There can be no trust
with secrets.
What does that mean?
Do you want me
to explain it to you?
If you want me to understand it.
When you get charged
for disorderly conduct
and fired from your job
for beating up your coworker.
you should probably
- tell your husband.
- Wait.
"beat up and fired" what?
Honey? What?
- I fucking hate you.
-  Wait. Mom.
- we need to pick up Dad.
- Fuck.
-  Mom.
- Mom.
Jeff. can you pick up
Dallas at his apartment?
-  Got it.
- So that's why you're being
such a "see you next Tuesday."
Hey. Paige.
can we skip back to the part
where you got fired for-for...
- what exactly?
- It's...
- so not a big deal.
-  Well. if I had
a nickel for every time
I was laid out on the hood
- of a squad car...
- Remove "squad"
from that sentence.
and you'd be pretty rich.
What are you guys talking about?
It's gonna be a long trip.
Excuse me.
- Hey. sweetheart.
- Hi. Daddy.
That dress looks hot. Bridge.
Because "hot" is the goal
for our 15-year-old
at her grandpa's
memorial service.
It looks good.
I'm just saying it looks good.
Thank you. Daddy.
Is that Alexander McQueen?
-  How'd you know?
- I was at their show.
God. give me the strength.
Could you
please drive. like. much.
much faster?
♪ "Clair de lune"
by Claude Debussy playing ♪
I didn't know Carbone catered.
Yeah.
Did you know there's. like.
eight of 'em?
- It's a fucking chain now.
- Mm.
There's even one in Vegas.
It's like if Goodfellas
was a restaurant.
You only die once.
at least have il Buco
- do the catering. right?
- Amen to that.
Would you excuse me?
You all look beautiful.
- Who's here?
- Most of Wall Street
and a good chunk of Long Island.
Oh. thank God there's a bar.
Two.
So. is there a structure
to this thing. or speeches?
Your mother just wanted people
to gather and remember him.
Evan. Excuse me.
Because that is what
people are talking about.
Well. girls. welcome
to your first cocktail party.
Keep a very close eye on them.
- Where are you going?
- I'm gonna go get a drink.
and then
I'm gonna find my mother.
What are we supposed to do?
Do you want to go
check out the food?
Sure.
I hate these things.
Yep.
How's the world
of private equity?
Well. you know. lots of. uh.
unique opportunities.
- Mm.
- With the. uh...
with the higher interest rates.
Lot of unique plays in.
uh. hospitality.
Experiential hospitality.
It's a very fast-growing market.
Oh.
What about. uh...
- How's. um...
- Music.
Right. Music.
Uh. how's-how's that?
Doing my thing. you know.
- Working on some new things.
- Great.
Like. uh. like what?
Like...
...songwriting?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Working on some songs.
- Yeah. Great.
- Just getting back to my roots.
- Oh.
Yeah. that's good.
And what are your roots?
I'm gonna grab a beer.
- Okay. yeah.
- You want anything?
- No. I-I'll. uh...
- Yeah.
...hold down the fort.
What are you in the mood for?
Two Percocets and a warm bath.
No? Okay. Uh...
I'll settle for a vodka gimlet.
Vodka gimlet coming up.
You know. it would take
real balls to hit on me here.
I'm guessing you're Abby.
That's a good guess.
Now explain.
Well. when you walked in.
you didn't look around
'cause you've been here before.
You came with your children.
Bridgett and Macy. I believe?
The yellow tornado
is your sister.
Plus. you're the only person
who appears
to have lost anybody.
You're the fuckboy therapist.
And they say
attitude isn't genetic.
Do they?
And aren't you
part of the "they" who say that?
Have you seen my mother?
Yet to appear.
I'm gonna need
one more of those. please.
Two gimlets coming up.
What's it like out there?
One might mistake it
for a birthday party
if it weren't for
the chiclet of his face
and all of the flowers.
Mm-hmm.
Met your therapist.
Hmm.
He's uncannily good at his job.
It should be against the law
for therapists
to be handsome and straight.
Can you ask him to come in here?
I'm. uh...
in need of a little guidance
on the fly.
Okay.
Your presence is requested.
Hmm.
She having cold feet?
Something like that.
Is this a first for you?
I'm about out of firsts
with my patients.
I guessed that
from the beginning.
Don't want to go out there?
I do not.
Well. good news is.
you're a grown woman.
Yeah. I'm... I'm aware of that.
What I am trying to calculate...
...is the consequences.
Is there anyone in that room
whose comfort you need?
No.
Is there anyone in that room
who needs comfort from you?
My children.
But that's not why they're here.
They're here to support you.
You are a compassionate.
and intelligent person
who has known the answer
to every question
you've asked me.
We talked about this
earlier. Stacy.
The permission
is not mine to give.
It's yours.
If you want permission
to stay in here.
it's your home.
Give it.
If you want permission to leave
your home until this is over?
Give it.
I don't want to be here.
We can handle the party. Mom.
Well. right again.
It's not about me being right.
It's about you trusting yourself
when you're right.
See what I mean?
It's weird.
He's good.
Keep him away from Bridgett.
I bet you like them young.
don't you.
you twisted bastard?
You two have a very
interesting dynamic.
It gives her confidence
to insult me.
It's a pattern I...
really regret
allowing her to form.
Well. I don't think that genie's
going back in the bottle.
- No.
- Come on.
I will buy you a free drink
and talk about how worthless
my therapist is.
Oh. Lead the way.
Are you leaving?
Trying.
Stacy.
- I can't do this.
- I'll run interference. Go.
- She just needs to get some air.
-  Russell?
- This is for her.
- Lily. Lily. Lily.
She needs it.
Okay.
I just. I...
I thought this would help.
This is just what you do.
Yeah.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
Need a ride.
- Mrs. Clyburn?
-  No.
Uh. no. I'm okay.
Uh. where to?
Uh. I don't know. Just drive.
Need a destination.
Uh. south. Just head south.
Did you make it to your dad's?
Yeah. Dad said he'll take me
to ballet tomorrow.
He did? Okay.
Uh. well. I will tell him
that I'll swing by
and grab Macy first thing.
Well. he said
he'll get her to gymnastics
and then come back for me.
He already worked it out
with Jeff.
Am I in the fucking
Twilight Zone?
Okay. Uh. well. let me know
if something comes up.
- Love you. Mom.
- Love you. Bridgett.
- Love you. Mace.
-  Love you.
Were they spiking the drinks
with ambition tonight?
Have you heard from Mom?
Not a word.
- Did she come back?
- If she did.
she shape-shifted.
Mom?
- She left it.
-  Well. she's...
you know. probably went
to a pub maybe.
- or a coffee shop?
- It's eleven o'clock at night.
There's nothing open
in this part of town.
She's been navigating
New York City for 45 years.
- I'm sure--
- No. Russell. she hasn't.
She walked out. no phone.
didn't take the car. alone.
♪ slow. tense music ♪
Okay. I'll walk around.
I'll see what's open.
What do we do?
We wait.
I walked from 101st
to 60th. took a cab downtown.
checked hotels.
What the fuck?
You think something happened?
Yes.
I need to file
a missing persons report.
My mother.
Stacy Anne Clyburn.
Mm-hmm.
♪ slow. serene music ♪
Where'd y'all get out?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Damn.
Come here. Come on.
It's gonna be
one of those mornings.
♪ soft. contemplative music ♪
Fuck.
Oh. hey.
Hey.
Leaves changed.
Yes. ma'am.
They'll fall soon.
next cold snap.
I. uh. interrupt something?
No.
I came up early this morning.
I wanted to see the sunrise
and I got a...
"lions. tigers and bears" worry
walking around here alone. so...
We ain't got no tigers out here.
Other two worth worrying about.
but you. uh...
you ought to let me teach you
how to use that thing.
Won't do you any good
if you miss.
I'll take you up on that.
You okay?
Yeah.
I missed this.
I missed the space of it.
The quiet.
Oh. God.
I need...
...everything.
head to toe.
Can you recommend someplace?
Uh. Murdoch's will have
about all you need.
- Bozeman.
- Yes. ma'am.
Okay.
Good to see you. Cade.
Yes. ma'am.
It's good to see you. too.
♪ pastoral music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm